from the passion for aesthetics and dynamics with these words d in which
presented his 6-coupe series
this high-end sports car is already in its third generation and combines the
dynamics of a four-seater sports car with comfort for
long journeys
At first sight the new coupe imposes itself as is normal with a design and
the resistible an athletic elegance that highlights its strength something that all
babies the baby and carry inside
through a long bonnet and the 74 millimeters that lengthen the total
body is shaped to the typical proportions of a coupe the
almost 40 millimeters more than the width of the vehicle help to highlight its appearance
the front with a more powerful appearance has been modified in such a way
that now looks a little more ahead on it the logo of the brand highlights and
follow the contour lines of the capo and through the dynamics of design
it gives a dynamic mascara appearance these contour lines if it arrives
to the back
the body of the body with its grooved lines contrast with the
apparent lightness of the passenger area even the boot shows
through its extended forms a great stability on the asphalt
the interior is typically been here with an equipment oriented to the
driving
The central part of the dashboard includes the controls of the
sound equipment and climate control that are easily reachable by the
driver
also the gear lever is on a totally free surface what
that facilitates its use
With a greater distance between wheels the occupants enjoy greater comfort
lightweight seats that were developed especially for the
Series 6 will be offered in three variants
you can choose the standard seats as well as sports seats
with lateral supports optimized by the seats with added comfort
can be configured electronically an alternative to equipment with
Count drops series is the variant in the most exclusive peace the trunk offers
up to 460 liters that should be enough for for example to move
three golf bags with full equipment
For its arrival in the market the new series 6 coupé will have two
motorization variants
one of 8 and another with six cylinders in line
both have twin turbo technology and are equipped with a box
sports automatic changes of kutxa speeds
as well as the function to be text
the four-cylinder engine of the b nds and 150 vi offers 407 horsepower and
accelerates from 0 to 100 in four com to nine seconds
the average consumption every 100 kilometers is 10 comma 4 liters
meanwhile the six-cylinder bnb 640 quito has a lower power 320
horsepower but also consumes less an average of 7 com 7 liters
every 100 kilometers
the driver can choose between three different modes when driving
With just pressing a button on the board you can choose between normal
sportive pode portivo plus
in the new 640 x summit dn you can also activate the mode you bought and in
connection to the system when atlantis brings also comfort mode
you can also change the properties of the different modes with
traditional characteristics with what we have much more than just three
possibilities
the pnv series 6 coupe memo will go on sale in the third quarter of 2011
the prices start from 75 thousand euros for the 640 i coupe of six
cylinders and from the 86 thousand for the coupe 650 here eight-cylinder